Suggested topics for Socratic 31 (#33)
sfbitcoindevs/sfbitcoindevs: content/socratic-31.md

+++
title = "Socratic Seminar 31"
date = 2022-10-31
+++

Housekeeping
------------

- Questions are encouraged, including basic ones!
- Socratic Seminars are held under the [Chatham House Rule](https://www.chathamhouse.org/about-us/chatham-house-rule): share the information you receive, but do not reveal the identity of who said it.
- For the privacy of other attendees, please refrain from taking photographs of other people without their permission.
- Socratic seminars are best when the moderator can let the conversation flow, so try to keep things concrete and focused.

> - The reading list covers August 26th to September 26th.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The reading list covers September 26th to October 30th.
```
